Okay.
So we have everything we need as far as fetching degrees, saving them to the view next door, and then
using getters to extract the unique degrees from the API response.
And at first I thought this would allow us to jump immediately into building out the component logic.
But remember, there's actually additional properties in our view Store State that are designed to store
the actual values that the user has selected from a checkbox perspective, because we use those values
in order to filter the primary array of jobs.
So as a reminder from our previous implementations, we have selected organizations right here and selected
job types, and these two arrays are arrays of strings.
As soon as the user clicks a checkbox for a job type, for example, we store an array with that value
and we save it to view X, which allows us to filter the jobs here based on the values in this array
or this rank.
So before we actually get to building the checkbox component, what I'd like to do is wire up this logic
as well.
So what I want to do in this lesson is add a new property called Selected Degrees and it will be an
array storing strings representing the checkboxes or in other words, the degrees at the user has selected.
So I've opened up state that's on my left and then state that test that's on my right.
And we're going to write a very similar test to these two at the very bottom.
So right here, I'm going to say.
It stores degrees that the user would like to filter jobs by.
And here we can provide our arrow function.
It's going to be very similar to what we have above.
We're going to invoke our state function, which you see on the left, and that is going to give us
our starting state for the View Store.
And then I expect that that starting state should have a property on it, and that's going to be called
the selected degrees.
That, of course, does not exist yet, but we're going to use TDD to make it happen.
And of course, that should equal an empty array to start.
And that empty array, of course, will be populated as we click on checkboxes within our eventual component.
So I'm going to save that.
We are, of course, going to get a failure.
And that's totally fine.
So, of course, this is actually going to take us two steps.
So the first step, of course, is going to be adding selected degrees right here.
And setting it to be an empty array.
But that is not going to make TypeScript happy because TypeScript is going to say, you told me that
the returned object would be outside global state and the global state interface doesn't implement a
selected degrees property.
So we're going to need to go into this file right here type stats and I can just command click here
on a mac to go into that file.
And here, of course, we need to add that new property to our TypeScript interface as well.
So right here I'm going to say selected degrees.
And it is going to be an array of strings.
All right.
A string array right here.
So now we've declared a type.
Save that.
That'll make the error go away in here because TypeScript is happy.
And that should also make our tests pass because the return object here will have a selected degree's
property set to an empty array.
All right.
Now, we started to build up the logic for storing the user's eventual degree strings as the user clicks
on the checkboxes.
More on this in the next lesson.